Expression HUD

*right click edit, 
*drag your animation in
*edit linked
*select the button you want to use, 
*drag a texture on, 
*change description of that same link  in this format
layer-yournamehere

or 
layer-duration-yournamehere

if you use the latter, it will automatically remove that animation from the active layer list.
For example
emote-0.8-poke


or

layer-duration-yournamehere-sound

where as this will play a sound. 
For example

face-0-sneeze-sneezesound

Will play an animation intended to loop , and a sound, (nonlooping sound)

face-0.5-sneeze-sneezesound

Will play an animation, remove it from memory after about 0.5 seconds(Animation will continue to play), and then a sound, (nonlooping sound)


For example, you want to your wings to have a real fancy fluff, before moving into a static pose. This allows transition animations without causing too many issues.
Wings are used in this case, with the exception of the folded state


Will remove the animation after about 0.8 seconds, this does not stop the animation that is playing, only the memory of it in the script existing



EDIT:
New format
layer-sync-looping-nonlooping-sound


nonlooping stands for the starting, not looping, animation, 1 priority higher than the looping animation to play ontop of the looping one.
looping stands for the looping animation, 1 priority lower than nonlooping

Ordering of the two animations matter.
Looping animation must be 1 priority lower.
Bad formatting can mean you have animations constantly playing/not getting removed properly

by replacing the time with sync, you can play multiple animations at once, specifcally one looping and non looping one

Blush, eyes, ears, are exempt from from this. Eyes and ears already attempt to sync with the other layer

Suggestions for ideas might be a fancy animation to roll around and play dead, then stay at the final keyframe using a second animation.
Another idea is making a dramatic transition into a sitting or dancing animation

premade layers are
mouth (priority 2 preffered)
eyesL(priority 2 preffered. includes eyebrow and pupil movement)
eyesR(priority 2 preffered)
browsL(priority 3 preffered)
browsR(priority 3 preffered) (blink anims control brows at p2)
earsL(priority 2 preffered)
earsR(priority 2 preffered)
wingsL(priority 2 preffered)
wingR(priority 2 preffered)
pupils (used to control eye wandering, priority 3. do not use)
face(priority 3 preffered, intended for mouth,eyes,brows,pupils, ears)
emote(priority 4 preffered)
blush(textures the blush layer, special format)

Blush uses the format of
blush-<R,G,B>-UUIDHERE   
blush-<1,0.3,0.3>-00000-0000-0000-000000

Note that the RGB is is LSL color, not 255

supports custom layers, as many as script memory will allow.
Each layer added, adds its name + animation name to script memory.

Active playing animations gets reset on attach to use the brows, eyes, ears, wings, and pupils, everything else is forgotten 



New method to add custom emotes to Expressions HUD

Uses the notecard to read data to apply a description + texture 

This allows people to resell expressions/buttons easier

The end user will need to first put the animation in question into the Expressions HUD. 
After that, copy/paste the new lines inside a notecard the creator provides, into a new line of the notecard inside the Expressions HUD

You may use these as a set of instructions inside a new notecard
//Drag your animation inside the Expressions HUD
//Now Copy and paste the following lines onto a new line of the notecard inside

Description|TextureUUID


Description follows the same format/system as the normal method
⁠documentation-reference⁠

Description|TextureUUID♥Description|TextureUUID

♥, %%, @@ can be used as button seperators in order to make the notecard load faster/bulk buttons kits

For example
emote-littledance|b42f36cd-6b12-665d-7927-e1ec51b256f5 will make a new button, exactly like the dance in the emotes section

emote-1-dance1second|TextureUUID will a dance animation that lasts 1 second, HOWEVER no texture will be applied 

